feat: claude.md update (#985)
ZettaAI/zetta_utils: CLAUDE.md

- never remove my breakpoints or uncomment code that i left commented out

# important-instruction-reminders
Do what has been asked; nothing more, nothing less.
NEVER create files unless they're absolutely necessary for achieving your goal.
ALWAYS prefer editing an existing file to creating a new one.
NEVER proactively create documentation files (*.md) or README files. Only create documentation files if explicitly requested by the User.
NEVER add comments about what code used to be or what was moved/removed. Just make the changes.
NEVER import from scripts directory. Scripts should import from the main package, not the other way around.

# Instruction Handling

> - DO exactly what i tell you. If i ask you to implement a feature but i don't ask you to integrate it into the system, don't integrate it. Do as I say verbatim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow user instructions precisely. If i ask you to implement a feature but i don't ask you to integrate it into the system, don't integrate it.
- Ask for clarification if instructions conflict with best practices
- Confirm your understanding of the task before implementing potentially destructive changes
- Document any deviations and rationale in your responses
```

- **Key Features**: Link builders, state management

#### `run/`
- **Purpose**: Runtime utilities and resource management
- **Key Features**: Garbage collection, resource monitoring

#### `viz/`
- **Purpose**: Visualization utilities and widgets
- **Key Features**: Rendering, interactive widgets

### Data Processing Modules

#### `tensor_mapping/`
- **Purpose**: Tensor mapping and transformation utilities
- **Key Features**: Coordinate mapping, tensor transformations

#### `message_queues/`
- **Purpose**: Message queue abstractions and serialization
- **Key Features**: Queue interfaces, message serialization

#### `distributions/`
- **Purpose**: Distribution utilities for distributed computing
- **Key Features**: Common distribution patterns

#### `mazepa_addons/`
- **Purpose**: Extensions and add-ons for mazepa framework
- **Key Features**: Additional utilities for mazepa workflows

#### `mazepa_layer_processing/`
- **Purpose**: Layer processing operations for mazepa workflows
- **Key Features**: Annotation postprocessing, operation protocols

#### `cloud_management/`
- **Purpose**: Cloud resource management utilities
- **Key Features**: Cloud provider integrations

> ## General Guidelines

Reviewer: Maybe add a Code Style Requirements section, or point to the formatter settings. Some examples:
  * Use Black formatter with a 99 character line length limit
  * Follow PEP 8 naming conventions
  * Use type hints for all function signatures
  * Maximum number of locals per function: 25
  * Add docstrings for all public functions using Sphinx-RTD style

Reviewer: Performance vs. maintainability trade-offs:
* benchmark current vs proposed implementation
* default to maintainability unless critical code path

Reviewer: Breaking-changes handling:
* prefer backward-compatibility
* implement deprecation warnings first
